## Inspiration

Golem Galaxy is a game where you take on the role of summoner of elemental creatures! Strengthen your golem by performing real world tasks such as recycling, going on walks, and learning how to reduce energy use around home.

## What it does

Golem Galaxy encourages players to take real world action to solve our climate crisis:

- Once you summon a golem, you can "level up" your creation by staying active. Whether you're riding a bike, walking, or going for a jog, the app uses a pedometer to track your steps for the day. The more steps you have, the higher level your golem obtains.

- "Strengthen" your golem by "offering a sacrifice": use the in-game bar code scanner to scan recyclable items when you're ready to recycle. This aspect in essence gamifies the recycling process.

- Engaging with your golem unlocks useful eco-conscious tips to help you reduce your footprint. The game provides helpful ways to reduce, reuse, and recycle.

- Trade golems with friends using Google Wallet! Export your golem as a pass, powered by the Google Wallet API.

- It is fully Bilingual! From the entry screen choose between English or Japanese languages.

## How we built it

The was written in Flutter/Dart and uses Firebase for backend functionality. Every golem you generate is unique and artwork is generated by a carefully crafted AI image system that retains a similar art style across results.

## Challenges we ran into

This was my first game written in Flutter. It was a challenge to come up with the initial concept, but once I locked in on a card-based roleplaying game scenario, it became much more easier to expand upon it.

## Accomplishments that we're proud of

I've created the foundation for a game that I believe has potential to be engaging, fun, and educational.

## What we learned

I learned more about Flutter development and how to incorporate the Google Wallet API. Working on this app has given me more ideas for my next project.

## What's next for Golem Galaxy

I want to add a battle system and a more robust trading system. I think it would be neat to capture some of the nostalgia of 90s Gameboy games and also find more ways to incorporate Real World Actions.
